Zino
====
Zino is a greek social network for teenagers developed from 2004 till today.

History
=======
It started as a personal project, by Dionysis Zindros who used the code name of
Chit-Chat for it. It was initially a piece of software to deepen my knowledge
in web technologies. The first version was completed and released in 2 weeks
and evolved into a small community of friends who gathered to discuss latest
news, suggestions and commentary in books, cinema, movies and politics.

It slowly gained popularity and became a place for teenagers to discuss about
news and share opinions in anything. While initially it had a closed circle of
contributors, it was opened to public contribution eventually. Turning from
news- and article-centered to discussion centered, it became a more interactive
place to participate and discuss all subjects from personal matters and hobbies
to religion, love, and politics.

It was later rebranded as Zino and modified to be more user-centered than
disucssion-centered. The most prominent version of the website was version
Phoenix.

Since its conception, Zino has had over 19,000 members.

Team
====

The founders of Zino are:

 * Dionysis Zindros (dionyziz@gmail.com)
 * Chris Pappas (chrispappas12@gmail.com)
 * Aleksis Brezas

Contributors are:

 * Giorgos Panagiotakos (pagio91i@gmail.com)
 * Kostis Roussopoulos (kostis90gr@gmail.com)
 * Petros Aggelatos (petrosagg@gmail.com)
 * Theodosis Sourgounis (thsourg@gmail.com)
 * Alex Tzo (chorvus@gmail.com)
 * Christian Herrmann (happydoener@gmail.com)
 * Makis Kanavidis (makis.k@gmail.com)
 * Dionysis Pantazopoulos (d3nnn1z@gmail.com)
 * Eleni Lixourioti (inelegr88@gmail.com)
 * Aristotelis Mikropoulos (amikrop@gmail.com)
 * Dimitris Karagasidis (dkaragasidis@gmail.com)
 * Aggelos Orfanakos (agorf@agorf.gr)
 * Themis Papameletiou (themicp@gmail.com)
 * Mario Saldinger (mariosaldinger@gmail.com)

License
=======

In 2012, Dionysis made Zino open source in order to help its further
development and share the technical know-how and research and development
findings we have accomondated through the years.

The Zino source code is licensed under the MIT license:

Copyright (C) 2004 - 2012 Dionysis Zindros (dionyziz@gmail.com) and the Zino Development Team

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Technology
==========

We believe most of the source code of Zino is of exceptional software design
quality. It is a prime example of good code organization and software
architecture using traditional as well as state-of-the-art techniques.
The code is generally fast, scalable, and most importantly extensible and
maintainable. We hope publication of this source code will help advance the
field of web development using the technologies we have used.

Most of the code is in PHP. The programming languages used for this project
are HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, MySQL, C++, XML, XSLT and XPath.
